David Vartanyan in our group at Princeton has provided post-processed 
spectra produced by Fornax for 1D and 2D runs implementing GR with 
inelastic scattering off electrons and nucleons, as well as 
accounting for the approximate axial-vector many-body correction 
to neutrino scattering cross sections. Four progenitors (12, 15, 
        20, 25 solar masses from Woosley, Heger 2007) are provided.

We use M1 closure for radiative transfer with logarithmically-spaced 
energy bins spanning 1-300 MeV for electron-neutrinos and 1-100 MeV 
for anti-electron and "heavy" neutrinos, which included mu- ,tau- , 
    and their anti- counterparts.

    Our spatial resolution is 608x256 radial by polar cells in 2D, with 
    our domain extending to 10,000 km. Runs were performed for roughly 
    1 second minimum.  The 1D model employed 608 radial zones.  

    A sample python script, sample_script.py, is attached. To run, 
    download the directory and from the terminal execute

    "python sample\_spectra.py --filename --time"

    where filename and time are inputs to produce a plot of the spectra 
    ($10^52$ erg/s/MeV) at the desired time and of the luminosity 
    (in $10^52$ erg/s) as a function of time after bounce.

Each file, either in the 1D directory (spherically symmetric, 
        non-exploding) or the 2D directory (axially symmetric, exploding) 
    contains a top line providing horizontally the time and central 
    energy in each energy bin.  The following rows each provide the 
    neutrino spectrum (for the given species) at the given time (in seconds
            after bounce).  Twenty neutrino energy groups were used.

    More specifically, the argument filename is a string containing the name of one the 
    attached data files, e.g. 'spectra_share_12_0.dat', demarcated by 
    quotes, where the 12 indicates the progenitor mass in solar masses, 
    and the "0" electron-neutrinos ("1" indicates anti-electron and "2" 
            indicates "heavy" neutrinos, respectively). The argument time is 
    in seconds (e.g. 0.5) after bounce. The argument dt (eg 0.03), 
    also in seconds indicates the running average time width used to 
    smooth the luminosity. The current script will produce output for 
    electron neutrinos but is easily adapted for the other species. 
    The commented out header (3 lines) contains the neutrino energies 
    at bin centers (MeV) and data description. The data has dimensions 
    ntimesx21, where ntimes is the number of timeteps (in millisecond 
            intervals). For each timestep, the first element in the row is the 
    time at which the output is provide (in seconds) and the other 20 
    columns the spectra (in $10^{52}$ erg/s/MeV) at that timestep for 
    the particular neutrino type. The spectra is smooth by interpolation 
    and the luminosity by a running average.

    The file energies.dat is 2x60 ASCII file. The first row neutrino 
    energies (MeV) at bin centers. The second row contains the bin widths 
    (MeV). Please direct all questions to dvartany@princeton.edu.

    I hope that these files prove useful.

    Regards,

    Adam Burrows
